hi friends from youtube after a lot
time I return to make videos and do
tutorials especially and to be able
help them a little on different topics and
what they need at this time I
to make a video on how to make
the files of our computer
appear in with their respective extension
for example this file from from
notes should appear txt point if it is a
word should appear point 2 no etcetera
or docs with with x to do this let's
go to start
control Panel
and when they load our control panel
let's go to the option called
Appearance and customization
inside this folder inside is
rather, within this menu we have
the folder options option we click
here
and we are going to open a window
property panel where we are going to
check the tab to see
and then we will look inside
of the last the option that says
hide file extensions for
known file types we are going to
remove the check to this box and go
to apply and subsequently to accept
ready we close here and as you see now
appears with the extension and if I want
change its name
will continue with its respective extension
this works for any file by
example we enter a pdf file is
with its respective pdf extension this is
very useful at the time of for example if
you want to change format quickly or
to know without without seeing what file is
new
they still do not need the symbol this
option
as I tell you, it's something a little bit that
it is used a lot but for the moment
I teach because there are many people who
question like that if not I did not know I decided
make a video like as clarifying
Any doubt no and if we want to remove
we do the same process to you as
we had done before but now we put
check in the box that we have removed
we put back check we apply and
we accept and ready we will have it again
the files without extension and ready
friends this has been all for the video of
today I hope to continue with more videos that
I want to go back and do many more
tutorials and so on I hope you like it
and as I always tell you comment score
leave suggestions questions that already
I will attend with pleasure and until next time
good good good good
if not
but not